isra jabis is one of the Palestinian
prisoners released as part of the deal
after 8 years in prison she spoke about
her feelings and being set
free I am very shy and ashamed to
celebrate while the whole first sign is
bleeding we had some fresh air in the
prison
style the prisoners who get who get some
release from one p to another
P you in particular suffered a lot the
prison and the burns but today is a
moment of Happiness finally you are
reunited with mam after eight
years thank
God he waited a lot for you what would
you say for him also Palestine waited a
lot for us our wounds waited a lot since
we were little since we were kids our
wounds were with
us is you always said how much you were
suffering could you please tell us more
thank God thank God my wounds are
visible and my struggles I don't need to
talk about
it in addition to the struggle with the
feelings and with your rning to the
family but this is the price the
prisoners pay and that's for the feeling
and longing to the
family did you know that you were going
to be released no I didn't I was feeling
uh let down a long time
ago because there are a lot of injured
people in the prisons and they were
spending
years I had left 22 months when I see a
child only with 18 days left he was
released and other people who were there
inside for more than 18 years and they
are still Liv there for 18 days he was
released for me personally that's
strange thank God for
everything thank God for your
safety they should release everybody
whether it's 18 days or it's years but
it's really really setting the prisoner
in the
prison who just entered he hasn't been
there for a long time he get
released and a person who has been there
struggling for years and men men are
being beaten up and even the women we
are being beaten
up I want to tell you that if a child in
the street hit me with a stone I would
just tell him go away go away little boy
but look how silly the government is
when the little girls in my room I left
them they were
crying because they've been subjected to
a lot of things little girl I'm not even
talking about the grown-up women I'm
talking about the small
girls they've been through things that
nobody should
witness did this uh practices increase
during the war a lot a lot I can say
that since the events
happened since the first
day they took marah to another prison
cell and it was ongoing taking girls to
separate
cells and on the same day the first day
of the
event they used gas pums on the
prisoners they used it in a room next to
me and I had like lung infection and it
took a whole a lot of time like only a
week ago I was improved that's
it